Crtx-149545-apache (#39592)
demisto/content: Packs/ApacheWebServer/README.md

```
10. Restart Apache to complete the syslog configuration.

### Apache Reverse Proxy configuration:

> To configure Apache Reverse Proxy logging please follow the following guide [here](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/howto/reverse_proxy.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Apache Reverse Proxy logging, see the following guide [here](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/howto/reverse_proxy.html).
```

Author: Thank you, Shirley

2. Right-click, and select **Syslog Collector** > **Configure**.
3. When configuring the Syslog Collector, set the following values:
   - vendor as vendor - apache
   - product as product - httpd 

### XDRC (XDR Collector)

> You will need to use the information described [here](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/cortex/cortex-xdr/cortex-xdr-pro-admin/cortex-xdr-collectors/xdr-collector-datasets#id7f0fcd4d-b019-4959-a43a-40b03db8a8b2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XDR/Cortex-XDR-Cloud-Documentation/XDR-Collector-datasets).
```

Author: Thank you, Shirley
